yeah Sadie I did it for you damn oh
Christ why Sadie I asked you to stop
drawing things all right let me see what
do we have here okay well it looks like
we drew a man in a fiery car wreck
that's great is that Daddy thank you
John oh good my brother that's much
better fantastic then why are you doing
this second yellow dame oh wait let me
guess John died in a fiery car wreck
yeah no she drew it yeah I'm looking at
it right now all right no I'm sorry talk
to you soon well you called it John died
in a fiery car wreck okay now look see I
think it's great that you have this
creative outlet you're quite a little
artist I mean you drew that very vivid
picture of your mother and fire and then
you drew that picture of your teacher
and that grizzly bear and we all know
what happened to mr. Watkins but I can't
help but notice that when you draw the
future you mostly draw horrible things
happening to people in the future mostly
day and I was wondering why you couldn't
draw some positive things happening to
me like maybe daddy winning the lottery
or Danny remarrying sarah michelle
gellar some of these sorts of things and
until you do start drawing some positive
things I think daddy's gonna have to
take your crayons from you Wow Sadie
come back say it nah don't draw in there
Haney unlock this are you are you
drawing do I why you're drawing
well what we have here well that looks
like picture of daddy and his eyeballs
are out and they're on the ground and
bleeding okay oh and I suppose that is
the person or thing that's going to tear
daddy's eyeballs out right okay well I
guess I'll go get this over with there
is cereal in the cupboard take her easy